Handle existing upgrade PRs (#267)
gradle/wrapper-upgrade-gradle-plugin: README.md

            dir = ...
            options {
                gitCommitExtraArgs = [...]
                allowPreRelease = true
                labels = ['dependencies']

>                 ignoreClosedPullRequests = true

Reviewer: IMO the name `ignoreClosedPullRequests` is not quite right. I feel a better name would be `recreateClosedPullRequests` which is much less ambiguous to me.

| `dir`                                | The directory inside the project base directory to run the gradle or maven upgrade in                                                                                     |
| `baseBranch`                         | The git branch to checkout and that the pull request will target                                                                                                          |
| `options.gitCommitExtraArgs`         | List of additional git commit arguments                                                                                                                                   |
| `options.allowPreRelease`            | Boolean: `true` will get the latest Maven/Gradle version even if it's a pre-release. Default is `false`.                                                                  |
| `options.labels`                     | Optional list of label (names) that will be added to the pull request.                                                                                                    |

> | `options.recreateClosedPullRequests` | Boolean: `true` will recreate the pull request if a closed pull request with the same branch name exists. `false` will not recreate the pull request. Default is `false`. |

Reviewer 2: I just stumbled over this while testing it.
Maybe we should remove the last `s`.
Its just a single PR, right?
`options.recreateClosedPullRequest`

| `options.gitCommitExtraArgs` | List of additional git commit arguments                                                                                                                          |
| `options.allowPreRelease`    | Boolean: true will get the latest Maven/Gradle version even if it's a pre-release. Default is false.                                                             |
| `options.labels`             | Optional list of label (names) that will be added to the PR.                                                                                                     |

> | `options.ignoreClosedPRs`    | Boolean: true will recreate the PR if a closed PR with the same branch name exists. false will not create the PR. Default is false.                              |

Reviewer 3: Please adapt all occurrences. I'd also use no abbreviation for `PR` in user-facing  parts. Can you adapt this, too?
```suggestion
| `options.ignoreClosedPullRequests`    | Boolean: true will recreate the pull request if a closed pull request with the same branch name exists. false will not create the pull request. Default is false.                              |
```

Author: done
